>> Paul DeBettignies: So
what normally happens,
people say, well,
what do I do as a status update online?
Any of these things is a start, right?
So I'm going to be attending an event or
a conference.
I'm going to tweet that out.
I'm probably going to
put it on LinkedIn too.
The reason is, if I'm going to
an event that I don't know anyone,
but I'm going saying,
I'm going to the event.
I'm using the event hashtag.
Someone may reach out to me.
I may say, hey, I'm going to whatever
event and I don't know anyone,
who's going?
Surprisingly, right,
six people reach out to you going hey,
I don't know anyone either.
You already found your tribe, before
you leave your town to go to the event.
Okay, seminars, webinars,
industry articles, I do this.
This is actually most of what I tweet out.
If you follow me on Twitter most of
my stuff consists of Minneapolis, St.
Paul tech news, some stuff from
the Midwest, sunset or moon photos.
And sometimes go for football stuff.
But we're not so great this year so
I'm not tweeting as much as I normally do.
Until the Badger game,
in which case you might wanna follow
me cuz it could be entertaining.
But I will infrequently though,
answer someone's question.
And I did it as a tweet earlier today.
Hey, I'm doing this
presentation here today,
what would be one bit of advice
you'd want to give someone?
Normally, people don't respond right away,
but
I'll get responses over the next two or
three days that often turn to a blog post.
I spoke at Frontend Masters
beginners boot camp.
Here are the topics we covered,
here were the questions that people
wanted to know about afterwards.
And here's a blog post and here's
a blog post, and here's a blog post.
I could do that on LinkedIn instead.
Does tying this up,
is this making a little sense at least?
How to weave it all together?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, and I will say in
the tech industry, software development,
I agree with you
wholeheartedly on Twitter.
I'm on Twitter monitoring that
stuff all day, every day.
Sharing links on-
>> Paul DeBettignies: People will say,
how do I solve this problem?
If you can't figure out how to
solve a problem, put it on Twitter.
>> Speaker 2: There's a lot of that
bootcamp attendees online that were
tweeting at Jenn, at Brian, and
there's high fives and lots of.
So we're all paying attention.
>> Paul DeBettignies: And also, very cool
if you're an introvert, because then,
you don't actually have to see anybody.
[LAUGH] I'm a little
funny when I say that.